Spelling and URL fixes (#2918)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/extend-and-develop.md

## Workflows

> Microsoft recommends using [Power Automate](https://flow.microsoft.com) for configuring and executing all workflows in your Microsoft 365 environment, including SharePoint. For example, it&#39;s possible to create [unique approval workflows](/power-automate/modern-approvals) for content stored in SharePoint. Additionally, it&#39;s possible to use Power Automate as the default workflow engine [for approving SharePoint page content](https://support.office.com/article/a8b2e689-d4a1-4639-8028-333c0ece30d9), directly from the SharePoint user interface. Flows can be [triggered by SharePoint](/connectors/sharepointonline/#triggers) actions (such as when an item is created in a list), or perform [actions within SharePoint](/connectors/sharepointonline/#actions) (such as update a list item). While SharePoint Designer workflows are still supported, new workflows should be created using Power Automate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using [Power Automate](https://flow.microsoft.com) for configuring and executing all workflows in your Microsoft 365 environment, including SharePoint. For example, it&#39;s possible to create [unique approval workflows](/power-automate/modern-approvals) for content stored in SharePoint. Additionally, it&#39;s possible to use Power Automate as the default workflow engine [for approving SharePoint page content](https://support.office.com/article/a8b2e689-d4a1-4639-8028-333c0ece30d9), directly from the SharePoint user interface. Flows can be [triggered by SharePoint](/connectors/sharepointonline/#triggers) actions (such as when an item is created in a list), or perform [actions within SharePoint](/connectors/sharepointonline/#actions) (such as update a list item). While SharePoint Designer workflows are still supported, new workflows should be created using Power Automate.
```
